Good evening Good evening I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, a high city of Russia, I am from the Krasnodar Territory [music] of a military unit of some kind or in a hospital unit of a unit Where in Krasnodar or somewhere at the front somewhere on the border mobilized or a contract or a contract for a contract Went  himself And in what year do I always talk to people who are fighting like this Putin and ask for the sake of what, what should your ultimate goal be so that you think that you have Victory, the ultimate goal Yes, so that you decide that everything is straight more and more there is nowhere to go all Victory  Well, look, for example, you are dying now, for example, that Kherson was given to us by the Ukrainians, which should, how can you understand that Russia will win that Lviv should capture Kiev that until what moment do you have to fight documents you will be thrown to die Why [music] he will have nothing to fight Ukraine helps all  the world is there, the equipment is on ours, here we are doing super well ourselves, we are doing well, we take it to normal. Then look at me  explain to the military I’m just a civilian, as it always turned out. You cope if you got spectators near Kiev Sumy region Chernihiv Kharkov Kherson region knocks you out of all regions Well, look well, wait, where are you broadcasting from the city of Khmelnitsky?  Well, well, that's between someone and Leo, I mean, more west than all the actions are happening Yes, we didn’t go here, only there are arrivals Well, I’m saying That is, the more west that all these actions you are now entangled with than the news that they send you Yes, well, which  you look people Well, when it all started, and by the way there Well, no, it was an interesting maneuver Yes, I don’t argue Yes, I understand, yes, now you will cling to mine for every word I mean, I’m fine with this, ours shouted something like from Ukraine  This is a week two Yes, I do not argue, yes, ours shouted, ours were mistaken that Ukraine is there for a week two and m  a month it’s all nonsense Well, roughly speaking, in fact, it’s how many two of us turned out to be under Ukraine. They were returning back because we had difficulties at the borders that you yourself know. What difficulties are the same Mariupol, wait, and you left Kiev because of our Mariupol  they took this troops back again That is, I correctly understood that they left Kiev Because Mariupol is not only Mariupol I say let's say Mariupol Even the same Well okay okay let's say it's good but from the Kharkov region there were glue raisins Why did your fellows run away here I didn't sleep  Kherson Why did they run away Kherson, not Kherson itself, crossed to the left bank of Kherson Kherson on the right bank the city of Kherson only on the right bank, roughly speaking, stand on the map Look at the city of Kherson completely the city was handed over for some reason, but what I would sell about flooding you have nothing to avoid  flood That is, it turns out you are gone By the way, you went to the shore which is lower To avoid flooding you  from the high bank they went to the low bank in general they built bridges they built turrets what is the essence of it Look, it turns out we have sorted everything out since April  so you say that you are not news, look at what you see then what contradicts this news contradiction listen to us they also send us not about news Here you are in what area you are fighting now I am now on the border with Kharkov Belgorod region You saw all these fugitives of the Kharkov region before which your troops  fled to Belgorod before them, I didn’t see it, I wonder where they hadn’t gone before, I was on the border with the Luhansk region, I understood And what was given to Luhansk if Luhansk was occupied because I’m a border guard, let’s say, until the united borders were perceived, then Well, in fact, if not  carried out now Children as a border guard of the Belgorod region just go patrolling  I’m directly serving at the border Well, how exactly do you go out with a dog, for example, where does the dog have our position, we arrive At the position Well, just sit with us Let’s say ours, let’s say this, let’s take the village from our side and somewhere about 500 meters  and the village on your side there is already yours, let’s say so what will your uh parents think what you died for let’s start with the fact that I’m not going to die no one is going to really no one was going to me out of all the dead no one was going to clean up somehow  so it turns out Well, if you die like this for what then For the sake of what for the sake of something this death turns out to be generally meaningless for the sake of something for the sake of the fact that the motherland called the motherland explained to you what you are fighting for, for example, if our grandfather fought against the Germans so there the Motherland explained  the Germans came to our Earth also fought against the Germans Well, you know in any way you know You heard binatification This first turns out If dynastification Why is Azov koto  it’s like the Nazis said this why they were given back to Medvedchuk they exchanged the truth And if demilitarization is so look the other way around Ukraine after this The beginning of this war, on the contrary, is inflated now the number of weapons only increases But that’s why our let’s say you know who won’t add momentum I’m just superfluous  time Well, why name it if you know who Why call this name once again yes But we are not in a fairy tale Lord Harry Potter so that I can’t name you know who it is you said so Lord, well Putin, but from your friends there are already dead Among your  acquaintances Acquaintances not a single one Cool And how does it turn out that everything is there Exactly there are no acquaintances of yours Well, hell knows, among my acquaintances there is not a single dead person cool somewhere there, in short, you just play cards Well, how we serve, and your parents have a lot of acquaintances who  at the forefront And how do your parents feel about the fact that the conclusion is obtained in the war a foreign country went Well, how do you like  to say my father, I don’t know, fortunately or unfortunately, he hasn’t seen this for about two years, let’s say he’s not on this earth, but his mother Well, how he worries Of course, here’s my mother.  cool mother what city I come from Here where I come from Well, since the same as I am from the Krasnodar Territory of the Krasnodar Territory not Krasnodar itself, there is gas in the village on the edge of you Yes, you live that’s how you think you live richly well, normally, normally I won’t say that it’s just rich, but normally good  Do you have a car? Mom has some kind of Polina But the most recent joke is some kind of I don’t know.  for some reason she took it I don’t ask what car they bought and why do you need me By the way now without a car and before that they had a car Yes what kind of car was 2008 a good diesel car I’m simple  why if Russia is such a rich country there is no where does it all go Yes, why, for example, you can’t fight for this country, you can’t Here she sends you to a foreign country on the way, for example, you can allow the palace, you can’t allow a normal car  now I don’t understand why even we are arguing over this topic, even we are indignant, but we already say that, in fact, it came out at the legislative level, let’s say that all this is not the property of the people the state state things Well, that is, the people are not  governs the state yes Contrary to all the facts no but the state sends this one wait wait wait don’t you say now that I’m not saying that our state is ideal that everything is straight Pacino rank we have a hell of a lot of nuances of a [ __ ] minus that in fact need to be changed I don’t mind changing it  Personally, I, as a person, I can’t change it myself, and it turns out in Russia, I don’t ask anyone, as a person, anything  it’s impossible for people in Russia to turn out like this in terms of decision-making, but the state throws them to die in a foreign country, a foreign country, you have the right to die and die in Ukraine.  there is you In short, so you understand that your state is robbing you, I understand you correctly, you are fighting for it in a foreign country, the topic is a little more complicated, yes, very difficult, I'm fighting, let's say that for my state I'm fighting because it could from there I signed a contract with my state, which can  That is, it turns out that I understand correctly then so you go out your state stole money from you So and now you hired you you signed a contract she pays you part of this money stolen from you it’s fighting how it turns out imagine Yes it sounds terrible it sounds bad Yes it’s good For example the war is over let’s say you  survived So you will return to the same state  your Russian Federation so if it still exists So who says that I will continue to serve here Well, you will live in Russia so if Russia remains Here you will return listen to the contract the war is over in Russia that the top of the Russian will stop robbing your Gas Oil diamonds Yes of course not  will stop I just don’t understand all Russians Yes, they say that we don’t elect anything, we don’t elect a president, we don’t elect a deputy with us and we fight, we don’t influence anything and no one But in short They fight to fight to say that I want to continue living here, maybe I don’t want to go on like this  where to take me I have no choice I will have to continue to exist here and try to somehow move you once in your life went to rallies  questions to the state I didn’t have time at the rally because I was always somewhere, let’s say, at work or  I went to school trying to get through my studies so that later I could do it If you hit your studies like that Why didn’t you become a sailor and had to go to a contract You are aware of our company, so to speak, and give the order to attack the positions of the armed forces of Ukraine, you will go  kill people i will have a lot of questions by now yeah well you have an order you have a lot of questions you have a lot of questions right now in class you have an order i will have an option like this either i do or i go like this  I just don’t understand people. They don’t decide anything in Russia to equip them shorter, but they go to fight against a foreign country, it’s their power that turns out to be thrown, let’s say about 90 percent, probably 90 people believe in it, but what is happening absolutely support absolutely completely and completely believe that  the cause is right, they believe that the cause is good and believe that it's all worth it, but you don't say that I don't say that it's all wrong, but I don't approve  I give that all this is correct, that is, for example, I don’t say that it’s a phone and I don’t say that it’s not a phone I understand that for you it seems strange to me it seems a little bit so incomprehensible in terms of what is happening in general we are taking away Why all this  done for what purpose all this was done it’s worth it at all At the origins of all this happening, to hell knows, they decided to attack Ukraine, as you can see, you have some sources talking about who we have other all sources, even Russian sources from Putin signed a decree  like a special military operation invaded Ukraine I don’t argue your sources say that because of what it was all done this all this is already nonsense starts to what you see with us it was done because of the fact that We stood up for daeneriller  To me, honestly, I would argue with you about the DPR, LC  Well, we said all this because of something, that is, we had a speech on February 20, it was said that we are standing up for the Donetsk Luhansk Republic of the Republic and, as it were, we are declaring a special military operation, there will be time
slavery, that is, people understand
that they are nobody, they are going
for this country